README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - NFT preview card component

![Project image](./design/desktop-preview.jpg)

## About the project

This is an NFT card design developed with HTML and CSS. Show the image on the screen, with the name and information of the product and user name.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Functionalities](#functionalities)
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Frontend](#frontend)
- [Author](#author)
- [License](#license)


## Overview

### Functionalities

- Nft info
- Nft image
- Days left

## Screenshot

### Layout mobile

![Project mobile](./design/mobile-design.jpg)
 
### Layout web

![Project desktop](./design/desktop-design.jpg)
![Project desktop](./design/active-states.jpg)

### Links

- Github Pages: [URL project](https://daianaadepaula.github.io/nft-preview-card-component-main/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow

## Installation

### Frontend

1. Clone this repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/daianaadepaula/nft-preview-card-component-main.git
```

2. Go to the project folder
```bash
cd nft-preview-card-component-main
```

## Author

We thank the following people who contributed to this project:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="#">
        <img src="https://github.com/daianaadepaula/daianaadepaula/blob/master/assets/daianaanimacaopiscadinhasemcirculo.png" width="100px;" alt="Foto da Daiana de Paula no GitHub"/><br>
        <sub>
          <b>Daiana de Paula</b>
        </sub>
      </a>
    </td>
    
</table>

## License

[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/react)](https://github.com/daianaadepaula/nft-preview-card-component-main/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

feat: image after and before

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - NFT preview card component

![Project image](./design/desktop-preview.jpg)

## About the project

I developed an NFT display project through an interactive card. Using HTML and CSS, we created the structure of the card with detailed information about each NFT, such as name, artist, price and days left. HTML was employed to define the structure of the card, while CSS was used to style the layout, adding colors, fonts and eye-catching visual effects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Functionalities](#functionalities)
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Frontend](#frontend)
- [Author](#author)
- [License](#license)


## Overview

### Functionalities

It is a visually captivating and responsive NFT card that allows users to explore the details of NFTs in an elegant and immersive way.

## Screenshot

### Layout mobile

![Project mobile](./design/mobile-design.jpg)
 
### Layout web

![Project desktop](./design/desktop-design.jpg)
![Project desktop](./design/active-states.jpg)

### Links

- Github Pages: [URL project](https://daianaadepaula.github.io/nft-preview-card-component-main/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow

## Installation

### Frontend

1. Clone this repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/daianaadepaula/nft-preview-card-component-main.git
```

2. Go to the project folder
```bash
cd nft-preview-card-component-main
```

## Author

We thank the following people who contributed to this project:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="#">
        <img src="https://github.com/daianaadepaula/daianaadepaula/blob/master/assets/daianaanimacaopiscadinhasemcirculo.png" width="100px;" alt="Foto da Daiana de Paula no GitHub"/><br>
        <sub>
          <b>Daiana de Paula</b>
        </sub>
      </a>
    </td>
    
</table>

## License

[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/react)](https://github.com/daianaadepaula/nft-preview-card-component-main/blob/master/LICENSE)
